Previously on
The Good Doctor...
I've been thinking,
and I need a break
from our coffees.
If you don't value
what the nurses do,
how much can you
care about me?
This is my patient.
And I'm your boss.
You can either do this with me,
or I'll find someone who will.
If you don't trust me,
fire me.
And if you do,
then stay out of my way.
Are you trying
to pick your embryo?
I'm leaning towards a girl.
I have a playbook to work from.
I didn't OD because of you.
Or us.
Jordan, if I let myself
get close to you,
I will fall for you.
I can't risk that.
You deserve somebody
who's ready to fully commit,
somebody who
makes you happy.
Your brain cancer
may have returned.
The crib needs to be assembled.
Go. I got this.
There are
two screws missing.
Dr. Glassman
doesn't have brain cancer,
but there is something wrong
with his brain.
Lea forgot to add
the blueberries,
but we can still
put them on top.
Sorry.
Not a problem.
Underneath, on top,
on the side.
I can eat them here.
I can eat them there.
I can eat them anywhere.
Not Dr. Seuss fans.
We need to discuss something
very important.
After we eat.
Don't worry, I'm fine,
the baby's fine.
Shaun just wanted to have
a bit of a discussion--
You forgot two screws
when you built the crib.
- Okay.
- Okay, Shaun, slow down.
Let's all at least
take a seat first.
We're gonna have a discussion
about a crib?
Your CSF DNA test
showed your brain cancer
has not returned,
but there is
clearly something
impacting your
neurological function.
Shaun, the crib has like
100 different parts
and instructions
without any words.
Just pictures with arrows going
in every possible direction.
Okay. Thankfully, I was there
to correct your mistake,
but that won't always
be possible in the O.R.
The O.R.?
Yes.
- I would like to do more tests.
- That's not gonna happen.
- And... And Dr. Lim
should be notified.
That's absolutely
not gonna happen!
If your executive function
has deteriorated
- even a small percentage--
- Shaun, just one second.
Just stop for a second.
Two screws?
There's nothing wrong
with my brain.
with any part of my body,
for that matter,
not that that concerns you.
You go to Lim, and you're
gonna look ridiculous.
- Doctor--
- That's the end
of the discussion!
And breakfast.
He's right.
It's okay.
You were just trying--
I can't go to Dr. Lim
without conclusive
medical evidence.
Or maybe he was right.
It is just a crib,
and he was in a rush.
Everyone forgets things.
I-I forgot the blueberries.
Instead of tests,
I can gather data
through direct observation.
What does that mean?
Are you gonna spy
on him?
Please put my pancakes
in the fridge.
I will eat them
for dinner.
Good morning.
Mind if I join you?
Sure.
How are things in surgical?
- Great.
- Great, as in, actually great?
Or great, as in,
"I'm saying the right thing
because he's the president
of the hospital"?
Both.
Well, any feedback
you have,
you can always come to me.
Sorry to interrupt.
I have a clinic patient
who needs
a surgical consult.
It's a former patient of yours,
Eddie Richter.
Eddie?
I haven't seen him
in years.
He came in with GI pain
and acid reflux.
Ultrasound reveals a small mass
on his duodenum.
He'll need surgery
to remove it.
I think I can fit that in.
Join me.
Dr. Lim scheduled us
with Dr. Park today.
Doctors Park and Lim
will understand.
This is a unique case.
A small duodenal mass?
I don't know.
Eddie!
Long time no see.
I wish it were longer.
No offense.
I wasn't planning on
seeing a surgeon today.
Yeah,
yeah, fair enough.
I've brought along with me
Doctors Allen and Wolke
to assist.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
Judging by
the astonishment
they are both
desperately trying to hide,
you did not tell them
about my condition.
I did not.
Very few residents get to see
Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis
outside of a textbook,
and I figured this
would be an important
learning opportunity.
They definitely failed
the bedside manner part.
I'm sorry.
Eh, heartthrobs like me
and Brad Pitt are used to it.
Any deep pain
or tenderness here?
A little.
How's business?
Oh, fantastic.
Thank the Lord.
Eddie is
an amazing carpenter.
He built Isabel and I
this stunning mahogany
live edge dining table.
I have no idea what that is,
but it sounds delightful.
Yeah.
Not much good for guitar,
but I can still wield
a power tool.
You'll need to use
a carotid pulse monitor
and upper thigh for BP.
Got it.
How painful
are the growths?
I mean, that depends.
They're basically just
huge warts,
so face, not much.
Hands, a little.
Feet, a lot.
I'm blessed.
The Lord knows
that a pretty face
can only get
a handyman in trouble.
Dr. Reznick gave us
a really good view
with her ultrasound,
but I'd like an MRI
and a biopsy to better
assess the lesion.
Ah, might as well get
my money's worth, huh?
It's good
seeing you, Eddie.
The team doc's
playing it safe.
It was a damn curveball.
Well, even a damn
double-A curveball
comes in
at, what, 80, 85?
It can still do some damage,
helmet or no.
Two weeks isn't a long time
to be in concussion protocol.
Okay, well, I-I didn't
have a concussion.
I mean, I barely even had
a headache, so...
Can I help you,
Dr. Murphy?
I came to observe.
Please continue.
Your ImPACT scores
are a bit worse than baseline.
Okay, that's one test.
I mean, I-I passed
all the others,
but the doc still
won't clear me.
It's not a bad idea
to play it safe, though.
It is your brain
we're talking about.
I mean, you're an outfielder,
so you don't need one
just now...
...but you are gonna
retire someday.
Look, if I don't get back
on the field ASAP,
I won't have a career
to retire from.
I wouldn't have come
to the best brain doctor
in town otherwise.
Alright.
We'll take a look.
Do a neuro
and get me an MRI.
An MRI?
For a concussion?
Well, he's got some dilation
of his left pupil.
Probably not significant,
but if we're gonna override
the team doctor,
we better be sure, hmm?
- On it.
- The MRI is a good idea.
I did not notice
the dilated pupil.
Well, thank you.
Not a problem
since it's not your case.
But it is
an interesting case,
even if I did not know that
when I came here.
Since I've cleared
my schedule,
I would like
to continue observing.
You cleared your schedule
of people with actual ailments?
Mmm.
Okay, fine.
Observe all you want.
I will.
Both you and the case.
Oh, there's no bleeding
or hematoma in your groin,
which means
you're doing fantastic.
Her color looks better.
Everything looks better.
I just got off the phone
with Eden's social worker.
She's having trouble
finding foster parents
who are willing to take
a newborn with Turner Syndrome.
Well, it's not
that difficult.
Her long-term symptoms
might not even be that severe.
Still, Eden will always
need special care.
It'll take a minute for
the lidocaine to take effect.
You may feel some discomfort
when the scope
goes down your throat.
Got it.
I assume you've discussed
surgical removal
of your EV growths
with Dr. Andrews?
Yeah.
No, he wanted to try,
but obviously, there's the risk
of nerve damage,
plus they would
just grow back.
This is how
I was meant to be.
Lord works
in mysterious ways.
But surgeons don't.
The risk of nerve damage
is actually quite small,
and I'd imagine easier
to live with than the pain
and lack
of mobility and--
Repulsiveness?
No, no. I-I was--
It's alright.
I know how I look.
I see the frightened kids,
people laughing,
staring.
I just try my best to keep
my eyes and arms open
to all of God's gifts.
Cannot imagine taking
an 80-mile-an-hour baseball
to the dome.
Some guys in the majors
throw over 100.
Phew.
I don't see any edema
or evidence of a hematoma.
Neither do I.
The anisocoria's
probably harmless.
Twenty percent of people
actually have one pupil
larger than the other.
You play any sports?
I played football and baseball
in high school. Why?
I have a friend
who runs a sports program
for at-risk teens.
I've been helping coaching
some indoor football,
I mean soccer.
She's always looking for help
from positive role models.
Yeah, I've...
I've never
coached kids before.
Mainly just making sure
they have fun and
stay off the streets.
And my friend's super cool.
She's cute, too.
Well, helping kids
sounds great,
but I'm trying to get
a year in recovery
before I start dating.
Damn, my bad.
Oh, it's no big deal.
I just--
No, I mean the...
The anisocoria.
Definitely not harmless.
Or a concussion.
You have multiple
cerebral aneurysms,
which puts you in danger
of a brain hemorrhage.
So, what now?
Well, we're gonna map
the precise vessels involved,
take some pictures
of the inside of your brain.
It's called a...
Cerebral angiogram.
We'll feed a catheter
into your brain
through an artery
in your wrist.
You'll be sedated.
It's harmless.
As soon as we get the results,
we'll map out a surgical plan.
B-Brain surgery?
Hey. Best brain doc
in town, right?
It just
keeps getting worse.
The tumor has significantly
damaged the bile duct.
Eddie's gonna need
a surgical resection
or possibly a major
GI reconstruction.
The poor guy.
As if one rare and devastating
disease wasn't enough.
Well, the surgery
is manageable.
I've known Eddie for years.
He's always been the embodiment
of, "What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger."
Who needs strength
when you're cradled
in the Lord's loving arms?
Given his situation,
don't you think his,
"I'm just thankful for
all God's gifts" attitude's
just a bit crazy?
I find the strength
he draws from his faith
very inspiring.
Except that his faith
has inspired him
to not do the only thing
that would actually help him.
Get an octreoscan to confirm
that his liver, pancreas,
and lymph nodes
aren't involved.
On it.
- You should probably go and--
- Referee?
Assist.
The radiolabeled tracer
will light up any areas
infiltrated
by the tumor.
Will I get
spidey strength, too?
Can I get you flat
on your back for the scan?
That won't be too painful,
will it?
No. Sure,
I'll be alright.
Is there any family
you'd like to contact?
No, it's just me.
I live alone.
If you don't mind my asking,
E.V. is genetically inherited.
I'd assume at least one of
your parents suffered from it?
Yeah, they both did.
Did they both also decide
against surgical treatment?
Well, my parents were
circus performers,
made a living
off their appearance,
so I doubt they wanted
any treatment.
Can't say that
for sure, though.
They gave me up,
uh, right after I was born.
I'm sure they were
trying to protect you
from the life they had.
Heh. No,
from what I found out,
they thought a family act
would be too sad
and ruin the gig,
so they didn't want me around.
That's horrible.
Not at all.
I grew up in foster homes.
I had one mom
who was a minister,
introduced me to the power
of the Lord.
And then, when I was older,
I had a dad who was
a carpenter.
Taught me everything I know.
I've always been blessed.
Advancing the catheter
to assess posterior circulation.
Dr. Murphy,
do you mind if I ask,
qhy are you observing us?
I don't mind.
Why are you observing us?
I am not observing you.
I observing this case
because it is interesting.
Also, because it is
Dr. Glassman's,
and he may display
additional symptoms
that will help me diagnose
his deteriorating
executive function.
So you're worried
because he forgot
- a couple of stitches
on a routine close?
- Stop.
The third aneurysm is low lying
at the basilar trunk.
That will be very difficult
to clip.
And dangerous.
Definitely a very
interesting case.
♪ Hush, little baby
Don't say a word ♪
♪ Mama's gonna buy you
A mockingbird ♪
You sure you should be
doing that?
Changing bandages
or singing?
Both.
She's gonna be
leaving soon.
I'll be fine.
No,
I'm not overreacting.
He is covered
in these tree-like growths
but refuses surgery.
But everyone acts
as if he's so inspiring.
It's a pretty
brave choice.
No, it's a stupid choice.
Living in isolation
and unnecessary pain,
all because of his belief
in the Magical Mystery Tour
that is religion.
Well, given
your family history,
I see why this patient is
a little triggering for you.
Okay, I'm not triggered.
This has nothing
to do with my family.
Religion is the opiate
of the masses.
You know, Marx got a lot wrong,
but not that one.
Why don't we talk about
something else?
I mean, look at terrorism,
the countless wars,
the KKK, al-Qaeda,
bombed abortion clinics,
the assault on women's rights,
not to mention
the rampant persecution
of the LGBTQIA community.
I mean, you either have to have
your head in the sand
or be a complete moron
not to see that.
Mmm.
This is done.
Will you grab the salad?
Sorry. I was looking
for a place to meditate.
It's okay.
I came here to decompress
before I head home.
Jordan.
The other night
at karaoke,
I shouldn't have tried to
give you relationship advice.
I mean, you don't need me
for that...
or anything else, really.
You're everything.
Thanks.
Sorry, I gotta go.
He started vomiting blood
and then lost consciousness.
Get two units PRBC,
stay two ahead,
- and place an NG tube.
- On it.
Eddie, can you hear me?
Eddie?
The tumor's caused
a severe duodenal ulcer
and major hemorrhaging
in his upper GI tract.
Yeah. We can't excise it
if we can't stop the bleed.
We could do it in two steps,
endoscopy to stop the bleed
and a partial duodenectomy
to remove the tumor.
But it'd be safer to debulk
the tumor after the scope
and follow up with
aggressive chemotherapy.
Chemo would increase the pace
of the E.V. growths.
Which he doesn't
seem bothered by.
Doesn't mean we should
make it worse.
Well, it's better than
bleeding out in the OR.
He's not going
to bleed out.
We can solve
both the GI bleed
and totally excise the tumor
with a pancreaticoduodenectomy.
A Whipple while the patient
is hemorrhaging?
That's even more risky
than combining the scope and--
I'm aware of that,
but unlike your
department chief,
I'm not interested
in whether residents
approve of my decisions.
Get him prepped.
We'll approach
all three aneurysms
from a left-sided craniotomy.
Even though the ICA aneurysm
is on the right side?
Yes.
We'll go after
the basilar first,
as that is
the most challenging.
What about
the ipsilateral PCOM?
It's pressing the third nerve
and may rupture soon.
If you'd let me finish,
step two
will be the PCOM,
and after that,
we'll cut across the infield
and go after the ICA.
Have you considered--
Shaun, will you stop?
Will you just please stop?
I'm fine.
I know what I'm doing.
My memory is intact.
Does anyone
have an actual objection
to the surgical plan?
- No.
- Nope.
Thank you.
It is extensive
and could put Ricky at risk
for future seizures.
And your outburst
could indicate a lack
of impulse control,
which is a symptom
of executive dysfunction.
I am exhibiting extraordinary
impulse control as we speak.
As to the risks,
I have clipped
over 2,000 aneurysms.
Tomorrow morning,
I'm going to clip three more.
Put Ricky
on the schedule.
Go home.
Get some sleep.
It's not milk and cookies,
but it'll have to do for now.
Oh, sorry.
I was gonna take care of that.
Why? Did Park tell you to?
Dr. Park? No.
I just got off my break,
- and I was going to--
- Great news.
I just got off the phone
with her social worker.
She found a foster family.
Lucky girl.
You've got a home.
I know you were hoping
for a pancake dinner,
but I was thinking
maybe we could go
to Barone's instead.
I'm really craving
a meatball.
Yes, Dr. Glassman is not only
highly experienced.
He has above average intelligence.
I don't know.
He is an A's fan.
I have not noticed
any symptoms
significant enough
to alert Dr. Lim,
but even with a decline
in executive function,
he might not
show serious deficits.
I think we should definitely
discuss it further,
over sauteed artichokes.
I am not hungry,
but I will come
and keep you company
while I continue
to work.
If Glassy can still
do brain surgery
and you haven't seen
any serious deficits--
There is definitely something
wrong with his brain.
He's getting older.
It happens to everyone.
This is not just aging.
I know Dr. Glassman.
Do you think Glassman
is a danger to his patients?
No.
Not yet.
Then let's go to Barone's
and eat some meatballs
and chicken wings
that I will enjoy for
a few glorious hours
until the indigestion
kicks in.
You are right.
Meatball, stat.
That's the last anastomosis.
Remove the clamp.
Looks like the sutures
are holding.
I can't believe we did
a Whipple in under six hours.
That's gotta be
a record.
More importantly,
no more tumor,
no more bleeding ulcer.
Went even better
than I'd hoped.
Gotta give
the good Lord his due.
Eddie is truly blessed.
We need a few more
4-0 prolenes on a Castro
and two surgical drains.
Hey. You got your gear
for tonight?
Yep.
Dug out
the old football cleats.
Awesome.
Samira's really looking forward
to meeting you.
Don't worry.
I respect your recovery.
- I'm not trying
to set you up.
- Thank you.
Jordan also told me
she'd kill me
if I did anything
to tempt you off your path.
You and Dr. Allen
were talking about me?
Yeah. She was just
making sure I knew
what you were dealing with.
She's definitely
looking out for you.
My head.
It's gonna explode.
He has a thunderclap headache
and double vision.
His left eyelid's droopy,
looks like complete
third nerve palsy.
Left pupil non-reactive
to light.
The PCOM aneurysm
must have ruptured.
We need to get him
to the OR, stat.
Page Dr. Glassman.
Scalpel.
Intracranial
pressure is dropping.
We've bought him
some temporary relief.
Can we see the CT scans,
the new ones, please?
Given the
subarachnoid hemorrhage,
the risk of the previous
surgical plan has increased.
I can still clip
the two smaller aneurysms,
then ligate and bypass
the ruptured one.
We should consider
coil embolization
of the ruptured aneurysm.
We treat that now
and then come back
for the other two
once Ricky
has recovered.
Then he has to come in
every six months
for an angiogram,
weakening his muscles,
damaging his coordination,
effectively ending
his pro career.
That's your recommendation?
The treatment is
a much safer option.
He's 19.
He has lots of life
to consider after baseball.
I'm confident
in what I promised.
that I can deliver it.
Your experience mitigates
the increased risks
of the craniotomy,
but it does not eliminate them.
The patient should decide.
Fine.
Let's wake him up
and present both plans.
The surgery went better
than we could have hoped.
We removed the tumor,
and your liver and pancreas
are working great.
So when do I
get to go home?
Well, we need to keep an eye
on you for a couple days.
I took the liberty of
getting you a few things
to help pass the time.
Thank you.
I'm so grateful
to you all.
I've spent so much time
on my own, I can forget
how wonderful it is
to have other people there
who care about you.
Hey. Sorry. I got
a little aggro last night.
My family was big
on dinner debate time.
Okay.
That's all you have
to say?
I have a blood draw
to do, so...
It was just
a philosophical discussion.
It's not like we got
into a fight, right?
No, we didn't.
- It was awful.
- Terrible.
Somebody's
in a good mood.
Indeed I am.
It's the Eddie effect.
Our patient
radiates positivity.
It's oddly contagious.
It's got me wondering
why I'm always so focused
on choosing the right path
instead of...
just being open
to God's gifts.
Sorry.
My gift is using my stomach
as a speedbag.
I don't know what's worse...
that I might not
walk out of here,
or walking out knowing that
I'll never play ball again.
Yes. That is the question
you need to answer.
Don't get stuck
on worst-case scenarios.
I worked real hard to get here,
you know?
And I... And I got
people counting on me...
Hey, hey, hey.
Shut out the noise.
Other people are gonna
have opinions,
whether you swing 3-0,
whether you don't take
the extra base.
Whatever decision
you make,
that's gonna be
the right decision.
You know, uh, there's a...
There's a saying
back in the DR...
"You can't walk off
the island."
You gotta take big swings.
Let's fix
all the aneurysms now.
Good call.
You'll need to keep
the wound site clean and dry.
And be sure to monitor
her caloric intake closely.
Babies with Turner Syndrome
have difficulty swallowing
and tongue dysfunction.
Turner Syndrome?
Will she need
additional surgeries?
Yes, but
not for a few years.
With things like this,
it's best to take it
one step at a time.
We were hoping
to foster to adopt.
And these long-term
medical issues...
they're significant.
When it comes to medicine,
Google is not your friend.
Patrick, Annie,
I know it all sounds scary,
and you have every right
to be nervous.
But you can do this.
Eden needs you.
Wouldn't it be best
for Eden
if you found someone
more qualified?
I'll let
Social Services know.
What's the score?
How am I doing?
My executive function.
What's the score?
It is not a score,
it is data,
and I am not ready
to draw my conclusions.
Well, you're
wasting your time.
You should focus on people
who actually need you.
I'm fine.
I am focused on you...
because for most of my life,
you've watched out for me.
No one asked you
to do it.
You chose to.
Sometimes when I didn't
want you to.
I'm very glad you did.
So no matter what anyone,
including you, says,
I am going to
watch out for you.
What are you talking about?
It's fantastic.
These are incredible, seriously.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
No, Dalisay was just showing me
her watercolor landscapes.
She's a wonderful painter.
Really? I had no idea.
There's increased output
in his J.P. drains.
That's not surprising,
considering your EV.
Send a sample to the lab
and add meropenem
to his antibiotic regimen,
just to be safe.
Your recovery
looks to be on track.
And we've made
significant advances
in plastic surgery techniques
since your last consult.
Yeah, I don't doubt it.
But we both know
it would still be painful,
and they'd just
grow back anyway.
There's one thing I've learned
from the home reno business,
"If it ain't broke,
don't fix it."
A proverb for the ages.
I wanted to say goodbye.
The foster parents
backed out.
She's scrambling
to find someone else.
I don't have another family
lined up.
Can you give me
more time?
N-No.
Eden needs a home,
and I know the perfect person
to foster her.
Me.
One down, two to go.
It's been five hours.
Do you need a break?
Not when I have
a 30-year-old Macallan
waiting for me
at the finish line.
Fenestrated aneurysm clip.
We've got
an intra-op rupture.
Bleed is massive.
Suction.
Both of you, suction.
Let's keep this field clear.
Should we try
balloon occlusion?
Or a flow diverting stent?
No.
We should adjust the clips
to get better proximal
and distal control
and pivot
to a Muslin wrapping.
Push 6 mg bolus adenosine.
We're gonna stop the heart.
Push it, please.
Push it.
Aneurysm clips.
Oh. That is very innovative.
Inducing a brief
cardiac arrest
reduces blood flow
to the aneurysm.
Gives us time
to apply the clips.
Okay. Let us proceed
with the parent vessel reconstruction.
One more time,
fenestrated aneurysm clip.
Thank you.
That was exciting.
He's in Vfib,
not responding to chest
compressions or epi--
We need to shock him.
Charge to 200,
and push another
milligram of epi.
He must have
thrown a clot.
Clear!
Time of death, 7:34.
His underlying illness
weakened his immune system
and made his blood
more susceptible to clots.
There's nothing
we could have done.
Do you know
what hospital you're in?
St. Bonaventure.
And why are you here?
Aneurysms, which you were
supposed to fix.
Which we did.
And we did quite well.
In fact, if you stick
to your rehab,
you might be back
on the field by mid-season.
Thank you, Dr. Glassman.
You got a surgery that can
help me hit a curveball?
Try hitting a knuckleball.
You don't know what it is
until, pfft, it's too late.
That's old school.
I haven't even seen one
in a game.
Oh, I used to throw
a knuckleball, actually,
back in the day.
I tried to be a pitcher.
But I didn't have
a fastball...
And then
you have no idea
where it's gonna go
'cause it had just a...
Just a slight
amount of spin.
You heard?
Thank you
for checking on me.
Andrews was right.
There's nothing more
we could have done.
I'm really sorry
about your patient,
but I actually
came to tell you
that I'm meeting up
with some friends tonight.
I'm gonna go back
to my place after.
Okay.
But what's wrong?
Nothing.
I've been meaning to see
these folks for a while, and...
we're meeting near my place.
No big deal.
Well, it's starting
to feel like one.
Clearly, you're mad.
Please tell me what I did.
Sometimes having
a conversation with you
feels like combat.
Well, I was just
stating my opinion.
No, you were obliterating all
other opinions, including mine.
And calling me a complete
moron in the process.
I have never said
that you were a moron.
- I said...
- Ash, I didn't grow up
discussing religion
or quoting Marx
at the dinner table.
That doesn't mean
I don't value your opinion.
It doesn't seem like it
when you take a sledgehammer
to my every argument.
I can give you 100 examples
of times when--
This is not another argument
for you to win.
I have to get to dinner.
I'm so sorry.
If you want some company
or someone to talk to...
It's alright.
I'll be okay.
I know.
But...
if you change your mind,
I've got your back.
Like you've had mine.
Thank you.
You...
really see me.
I think maybe you and I
could be gifts to each other.
And we should
be open to that.
I have no idea
what it looks like
for us to move forward.
We'll figure it out.
Dalisay.
Dr. Andrews.
Your landscapes
you showed Eddie
before he...
I think you shared them
with him because he was
so open-hearted.
See, my whole life,
I've believed
that success only came
from constant striving,
constant dissatisfaction
with where I was
or what
I'd accomplished.
Contentment was a sign
of complacency.
That's no way
to go through life.
I know.
And I know I didn't
show you enough respect,
and I didn't make
enough effort
to see things
from your point of view.
But I want to change.
I want to value
the people I care about
and who might
care about me.
And if I haven't screwed up
too badly, then maybe one day,
I'll be worthy enough
to see those landscapes.
How about dinner?
You pick me up at 7:30,
Saturday.
We can try
that Filipino place.
Why would you say that?
- You know--
- Oh, man.
Hey, what else do you say
in that situation?
I think
I agree with the guy.
I mean, I think he's--
I think...
You were right.
I have a tendency to go
scorched earth in a debate
because I just want
to win.
I lose sight of
what's important
because I'm...
I-I'm a moron.
But today, I realized
I shouldn't take anything
or anyone for granted.
You showed me
what it truly means
to belong,
to not be an island.
And I just feel so blessed
to be in your life.
Uh, and you should order
the salmon carpaccio.
It's delightful here.
It's like butter.
Is your boyfriend
really that passionate,
or is he
a little insane?
Both.
Hi.
I thought I'd stop by,
see how you and Eden
are settling in.
We're fine, so far.
I think.
I'm fairly sure I have
everything Eden needs,
though peds might find
a few things missing
from their inventory
this month.
I don't see
one of these.
Oh.
Oh, Eden will love it.
Thank you.
Toys.
Onesies.
I need to get a stroller--
Hey, you'll handle it.
It's the perfect practice run
for when your own comes along.
I'm going off
my IVF meds.
I'm not doing
another cycle.
Eden,
she's what
I've been waiting for.
She's my daughter.
♪ Send ♪
♪ Your dreams ♪
♪ Where nobody hides ♪
This is a knuckleball,
and it fooled me.
I thought it was Dr. Glassman's
cancer returning,
but it is damage
to Dr. Glassman's brain
as a result
of a mini-stroke.
If that were the case,
the area would have
smooth edges.
Mmm, usually, yes.
But rare presentations
can show abnormalities
like these rough edges,
particularly when the patient
has had radiation treatment.
It explains why his memory
has been impacted,
especially during periods
of intense focus
involving many
sequential steps.
It is permanent.
♪ No time ♪
He shouldn't
be doing surgery anymore.
♪ Disappear ♪
♪ With the night ♪